welcome to the Radisson cooking show I'm
chef Inslee I'm chef Devaux and today we
have a special guest with us today all
right my name is Jeffrey Joseph I'm the
police lionfish project coordinator all
right today we little very intresting
shoulder for this year actually we're
gonna do something with lionfish so
Jeffrey I want to explain a little bit
before we take off cars never I cooked
this before Elysee and I am very
interested me and chef deliver so well
we are heard of we are been hearing
about the lionfish oh it's the intro to
Belize so it's a predator that's causing
so much problems or Belize Barrier Reef
or the riches site and what we are
trying to promote know is that this
lionfish is very good to eat and that's
primarily that's the primary reason for
me being here's to show how to prepare
the lionfish for human consumption and
basically what I'll be doing is just to
show you that this fish though people
say it's poisonous is not poisonous it's
like any ordinary fish all you have to
do is to remove the what we call the hot
spots which are the spines that cause
pain doesn't cause death but cause be it
if you get stumped by okay tell me now
if I take off all these spine I can see
this muscle on paper and flow out and
fry if my flow Authority and my beans
definitely if you take off all these
parents first you can treat it like
tilapia like borrow like grouper like
any other fish I'm the and the fillet
looks good name chef Enz you can show
another Philly when you fill it actually
if someone tell you this is good it's
like golden it can pass for grouper to
me I mean you can pass us like grappa
like that white meat that grouper carry
the only difference with these with the
color are the location or the habitat
that they reside in we usually find a
darker block
lionfish much closer to the mainland and
these red ones farther away like nearer
to the reefs but these usually find near
mangroves so that's a difference just
the difference in the arm with the soil
type undersea then we got difference in
color okay there are two methods in
clearing lionfish the professionals
don't have to use a scissors to remove
the dishes but for those who are not who
might see a custom to these fish I'm
going to show the easiest and the safest
way first you usually take a whole of
the fish bites head and you get a
cutlass here are cutting shears or
scissors and you remove all these fine
this way on top these parts that are
removing the doors of the dorsal spines
are 1313 RV spine a contains venom so a
lionfish carry Authority in Spain no in
total they have 1813 on the top five on
the bottom so to be exact or precise
they're three you know you know spines
and two pelvic spines so I'm going to
remove the pelvic spines now
so it's just a room yeah and I'll spare
no after removing all those parents and
this year this fish is now safe you can
just treat it anyway so this is not
dangerous no this is just ordinary
things but you still have to remove them
when you want for good presentation when
you're cooking these are not dangerous
you can remove the eye stalks also and
you don't have it and one good advantage
about this also is that it's easily
scaled it has very small scales and
they're quite easily and roll really
remove quick yep if you want to fry this
hole you can cut it the regular way but
if you want to make the fillet that we
were showing a while ago you can go
directly into affiliate cutting this
palette that I'm gonna be getting is
fairly small due to the fact that these
are very small fish these fish grows up
to are these fish grow up to the size in
presently in Belize and water that we
have received already now Montilla and
fish tournament that we are presently
running an eco Mar receive a fish over
twelve point three inches long weighing
over one and a half pound here you have
two nice piece of fillet from the
lionfish they grow bigger than it would
be more meat you get more meat the
problem with these fish in orders is
that they consume just four consume you
see they are very aggressive predators
we have caught or we have opened
lionfish and check the stomach content
and counted over 17 praise in one
lionfish so we're gonna start off with
the ceviche so you guys on a dice table
meanwhile I got a prop test see if I can
really do one of this land fish when you
finish with the the filleting of the
fish you can also use the head it makes
to make rods yeah so like if we're an
odd fish you don't waste anything
you add some salt and some pepper
tomatoes and onion
need some pepper and cilantro so I'm
gonna mix it up look good colorful our
soul so you just gonna present a ceviche
you have some chips already